h1. confirmForm jQuery Plugin

Copyright(c) 2010 Sizuhiko. Licensed under the MIT license.

h2. Overview

A jQuery plugin that makes confirm with modal-dialog. It created from input-form automatically.
For making modal dialog, jqModal plugin is required.

h2. Usage

h3. Require

At first, include some required javascript file.

pre. <script type="text/javascript" src="http://code.jquery.com/jquery-1.4.2.js"></script>
<script type="text/javascript" src="http://dev.iceburg.net/jquery/jqModal/jqModal.js"></script>
<script type="text/javascript" src="/confirmform.js"></script>

h3. Add div to HTML

You should add empty-div to HTML for making modal dialog.
For example, you will add "confirmForm" div.

pre.. <form id="inputForm" action="url" method="post">
  <div>
    <label for="user_id">ID:</label>
    <input type="text" name="id" id="user_id">
  </div>
  more fields....
</form>

<div id="confirmForm" />

h3. Create instance

If you use default setting, it is simple.
@$("#inputForm").confirmForm("#confirmForm", {});@

You can use customize following:
* Title (default is "Are you sure?")
* Buttons
** defaults are "Yes" and "No"
* Text format (default value with using jQuery.val())
* Label (default is previous element using jQuery.prev())
* Separator when use multi-select with checkbox or selectbox (default is comma)

example:
<pre><code>
$("#inputForm").confirmForm("#confirmForm", {
	'title':'Are you sure following values:',
	'yes':'Ok',
	'no':'Cancel',
	'formatValue':{
		'sex':function(field) {
			return {1:"Male", 2:"Female"}[$(field).val()];
		},
		'lang':function(field) {
			return {'jp':"Japanese", 'en':"English"}[$(field).val()];
		},
		'news':function(field) {
			return {1:"Sports", 2:"Music", 3:"Computer"}[$(field).val()];
		}
	},
	'findLabel': function(field) {
		switch(field.name) {
		case 'sex':
			return 'Sex';
		case 'news':
			return 'Receive News Mail';
		default :
			str = $(field).prev().html();
			return str.substring(0, str.length-1);
		}
	},
	'separator' : ' / '
});
</code></pre>

h3. Show modal dialog

It is simple call.
@$("#inputForm").confirmShow();@

h3. Check confirmed

You can check whether to "Yes" button was pushed.
@$("#inputForm").isConfirmed();@

h2. Demos

todo...